                    Startup’s success usually depends on founders’ ability to learn.
                    Things should be done with soul.
                    Details of 1st implementation plan
    Thought - user’s post. Users share with other users thoughts. Thoughts can be permanent and temporary.

                    Metrics
What do we need to measure:{
“(6)Relation number of users who were offline 7+ days by moment to 4 multiplied by 100. If user is offline for 7+ days than he has probably left the platform. To control outcome.”,
“Number of users registered daily(1), weekly(2), on the whole(4). (5)Number of this week 4 users divided by last week 4 users multiplied by 100. To control income.”,
“(7)Number of conversations found using MeetMate divided by number of active users. To control the success of core interaction.”,
“(8) Percentage of users who used thought system.(12) Users who have more than three people in MateList.”,
    (9) “Percentage of users who had frictionless entry(who had more than 20 messages with first MeetMate found mate)”,
    (10) “Relation of MeetMates which ended in more than 20 messages to total number of MeetMates multiplied by 100”
    (11) “Relation of 12 to those who have given though one rate in RateMate.”
}
Week report sample:
“
Total users:4
Percentage of active users: ‘100’ - 6
Percentage of inactive users: 6
Users registered this week:2
Week growth: 5
Average MeetMate usage:7
MeetMate quality:10
Percentage of people using thought system:8
People who have more than three people in MateList:12
RateMate popularity:11
MeetMate popularity:13
Entry curation quality:9
”

                                                                            RateMate
Thoughts
RateMate - system intended to give users opportunity to evaluate other users. 
Users with high RateMate get more influence on platform. 
This system must be based on characteristics which are really interesting to people. 
Every week people will choose new characteristic themselves. First one will be based on:
1) Erudition.
2) Candor.
3) Sense of humor(meme passion).
4) What a nice person.
    When will people rate other users? “They will be able to give a rate to those users who are in their MateList at any time.
They will also be able to change their ratings.”
    What sense is in it? “It brings competitiveness into platform. 
The more user’s rating is the more people will see this user’s thoughts. Their will be shown in interesting more often 
and they will get help in community advertising.”
Stars or what? “Cats like stars.”   
We got a star-like cat rating system. Max rating = 10. User can rate only users in his MateList. 
Users with higher rating get more influence on platform(their content is shown in interesting section more often). 
Final user’s rating is based on size of MateList and obtained RateMate.
Finally
Every user has rating which is based on RateMate rating and size of MateList. 
The more the rating is the more often user’s content appears in interesting section. 
Communities can be also rated by quality characteristic.
MeetMate
Thoughts
MeetMate - algorithm for easy finding a mate with necessary traits. 
You can find random mate and mate with necessary filters. Here with user can’t set filters with specific conditions 
if he hasn’t given such information in his profile. After launching there can be to little users for filter search 
so this function can be launched a little bit later. Function must be designed in a way which allows users not to get bored.
Finally
User can find random mate, random mate among members of community and mate with specific traits
(user must also specify these traits in his profile). First, only random mate will be available, after we hit ~10k filter search 
with 3 conditions will be available, after we hit ~150k unlimited filter search will be available.

                                                                MateInfo
Thoughts
What information about themselves will users leave? “Geo position, political, sports, leisure, philosophy, inspiration sources. They will do it like:choose which of these phrases you find more suitable to your personality.”
What is is info for? “This information is used to be shown to other users and main goal is to make MeetMate algorithm more qualified.”
Info to specify in profile (all are optional, random order, nickname is specified when registered):
1) Country
2) City
3) Language
4) Gender
5) Birthday
6) Favorite themes to discuss(politics, sports and sportsmen, music and
 musician, cinema and actors, science, philosophical stuff, things that concern me everyday, abstract topics)
8) Favorite activities(watching sports, doing sports, reading, music, television, computer games, 
watching memes, dancing, wasting time, traveling, walking, dancing)
9) Life priorities(self-development, money, glory, power, family, 
making new friends, entertainment, world development)
10) Most valuable personal qualities(mind, honesty, 
discipline, sense of humor(meme passion), ease in relation to life, humanity)
Finally
Special page with questions with answers where user makes choices relatively his personality.
Geo situation is set via user’s agreement.
                                                        BlockMate
First, any user can block any other user. Blocked users’ content won’t be shown in interesting, 
he won’t be able to look through your page and write to you. If user breaks rules accepted on platform 
he should be blocked for some time. When user sends spam complaint he automatically blocks user. 

Communities
Here are little things to discuss. You can run, enroll and leave community. 
… … …
Platform constraints(Not allowed):

    1) Explicit extremism/drugs propaganda
    2) Suicide call
    3) Sending spam
    4) Discredit other users because of their nationality, gender and religion
    5) Spreading adult content
People report.
Sanctions for breaking the rules are described in HeyM8/complaint/choices.py
				… … … 
			Settings
1) Who can send community invitations(nobody, mates, all). Cheer up people in creation communities providing free ads opportunities.
2) Open to new acquaintance(on, off)
3) Who can see personal info(all, mates, only me)
4) Who can see my geo position

Основные фичи:
1) МитМэйт. (Поиск мэйтов в определенными качествами, в определенном городе, среди членов определенного сообщества)
2) РэйтМэйт. (В современном обществе люди привыкли давать оценки, теперь они смогут давать оценки личностным качествам.)
3) Сэмплы для первых сообщений при знакомстве при помощи МитМэйта.
4) Подарочные стикеры за определенные достижения на платформе.
5) Бесплатная помощь основателям сообществ в продвижении сообществ(сообществ) "HeyM8 рекомендует".
6) Люди не указывают(часто забываю об этом) свои фамилии и имена, что дает им большую свободу.
